Reformat and update docs (#66)
primer/presentations: content/assets/color-palette.mdx

---

> title: Color palette

Reviewer: This page link isn't working in the deployment.

---

![color system](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/60050673-0a0e3c80-9686-11e9-911a-c27e78e0ca51.png)

> Primer Presentations uses the same [color system](https://primer.style/css/support/color-system) created for our product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primer Presentations uses the same [color system](https://primer.style/css/support/color-system) as GitHub.
```

> For presentations created on an Apple computer, our color system is available as a color palette file that can be imported for use with the macOS system-wide color picker. This is packaged together with the [Keynote template download](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0). Instructions on how to import the color palette are found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For presentations created on an Apple computer, the color system is available as a color palette file that can be imported for use with the macOS system-wide color picker. This is packaged together with the [Keynote template download](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0). Instructions on how to import the color palette are found below.
```

|                                     1. Download the [Keynote](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wp3NyCYM-FsU-4MKSbPcBgIsWVgvUQy0) template.                                      |                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 2. Open Keynote and the color picker with **View** > **Show Colors** (or <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd>). Click the gear icon and **Open...** to load the palette. | <img width="640" alt="screen shot 2017-05-17 at 3 50 31 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/98681/26179462/b9662e34-3b18-11e7-9e43-9684f690e9c3.png"/> |
|                                         3. Navigate to the downloaded folder and select the `colors/github.clr` file in this repository.                                         | ![GitHub color palettes are included in your Keynote download.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/60049637-8e12f500-9683-11e9-9220-6c98fe2cc6f5.png)  |

> |                                            4. Colors are installed! You are now free to use the Primer color palette within Keynote.                                             | <img width="326" alt="screen shot 2017-05-17 at 3 51 16 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/98681/26179461/b95bc30e-3b18-11e7-92f3-725e35f20ecb.png"/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                            4. Colors are installed! You can now use the Primer color palette within Keynote.                                             | <img width="326" alt="screen shot 2017-05-17 at 3 51 16 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/98681/26179461/b95bc30e-3b18-11e7-92f3-725e35f20ecb.png"/> |
```
